DOC: Match updated interface in SlicerSurfaceToolbox Dynamic Modeler (#7766)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/user_guide/modules/dynamicmodeler.md

## Tools

### Plane cut

> Extracts a region of the surface by cutting it with one or markup planes or slice views. If more than one plane is specified, the negative sides of the planes are combined using a union, intersection, or difference boolean operation to give the negative side of the output. The positive side of the output is the complementary region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts a region of the surface by cutting it with one or more markup planes or slice view planes. The `Output model` contains what is on the negative side of the plane(s). If more than one plane is specified, the negative sides of the planes are combined using a union, intersection, or difference operation. The part that of the `input model` that is not included in the `output model` is stored in the `complement output model`.
```
